Lolo
This relationship between us was wrong
But it hasn't caused much consequence
So that's the end of it.
From now on
You are still my little tree
I will never have any other feelings for you
Guo Sijun, my behavior has bothered you all these years
It affected you.
I apologize.
Let go of me, we haven't finished talking yet
What do you want me to say?
Lolo, we shouldn't have done this
It shouldn't be like this
Hu Sijun, then tell me what we are doing
Are we together?
OK
Pardon me?
I said we are together
Jinlong, are you crazy?
I wasn't kidding you.
Guo Zijun
In the past ten years
You have never experienced choosing me
Why do you regret it now?
Forget it, I don't love you anymore